Don't like me? Then tell me,
who do you like? Still like
that only
that dying boyfriend?
No, I don't like him anymore.
Today, you have to like me soon.
He emphasized that I'm by his side,
I have to marry him,
and he even forces me
to like him. This is just too absurd.
This is just too absurd.
Surveillance cameras are everywhere outside,
where is the passport hidden?
Ms. Qi, I'm Linda.
Linda, how is it going?
Did you find Mrs. Wu?
Ms. Qi,
I've already found her for you.
She's at Shengqiao Cotton Hospital now.
How is she doing now?
I was at her ward door today,
and heard her attending physician say,
she probably won't make it through the week.
Probably won't make it through the week?